Motorola Smartnet Support
-------------------------
This is experimental, use at your own risk and sanity!

Configuration
-------------
The Smartnet decoder is part of multi_rx.py, so configuration requires the creation of a .json file based smartnet_example.json.  The latter is probably more useful as a starting point since it is solely focussed on trunking using commonly available RTL sdr hardware.

In the .json file, a "channel" is considered to be the receiver as it encapsulates demodulation, framing and decoding in one logical entity.  For a Smartnet system there will be a minimum of two "channel" entries and either one or two "device" entries depending on the hardware you are using.  Each channel is associated with a device by specifying the device name inside the channel definition.  SDR hardware with a high sample rate can be shared between channels, but only if tuning is disabled (tunable=false).  Tunable devices have to have a one-to-one relationship with the channel to which they are assigned.

Trunking requires configuration of the appropriate trunking module name ("tk_smartnet.py"), the control channel list and bandplan. Valid values for the 'bandplan' parameter are:  800_reband, 800_standard, 800_splinter, 900, 400.  The 400Mhz band requires additional configuration of bp_low, bp_high, bp_offet, bp_spacing parameters.

Control over which tgids are candidates for monitoring is via the 'blacklist' and 'whitelist' parameters associated with each of the voice channel(s).  These parameters take the name of a file which contains tgids in the same format as used by rx.py blacklist/whitelist; either a single numeric tgid per line, or a pair of tgids separated by a <tab> character, denoting the start and end of a range.  Each voice channel would normally have it's own non-overlapping blacklist/whitelist definitions to avoid the same audio being played simultaneously.

multi_rx.py has support for enabling a built-in audio player. See the "audio" section of the smartnet-example.json for configuration parameter syntax.  Note that the "instance_name" must be specified for the player to be enabled.  Leaving this parameter absent or blank will cause the player to be disabled.  Consistent configuration of the "udp_port" parameter is required between the audio player and the channel destinations.  Default port is 23456.

Startup
-------
Much like op25's rx.py, multi_rx.py is best started using a shell script.
     ./multi_rx.py -v 9 -c smartnet_example.json 2> stderr.2


Known Issues & Limitations
--------------------------
There is currently no support for interactive trunking features such as Hold or Lockout.
